# English Speaking
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO8GewbsHFFmJn4kLLq1WXQ

## 讲电话
- This is Jerry.
- Jerry's speaking. May I ask who's calling?
- Who's this?

- This is her/him. / Speaking.

- I'm so glad to hear from you.
- How are you doing?
- How are things going?
- How's your day going so far?

- I'm doing great. How about yourself?
- I'm doing awesome. Thanks for asking.
- May I ask what this is regarding?

- I'm not interested. Please take me off the list. Thank you.

- I'm sorry. You're breaking up. Can you repeat that?
- I'm having really bad reception. Can you repeat that?

- Hang on. 非正式
- Would you mind hold on a moment, please?

- Could you please speak a little more slowly, please?
- I'm afraid my English is not really good.

- Can you spell it?
- Would you mind spelling that for me?

- Would you mind speaking up, please?

- I'm calling to (cancel my membership).
- I'm calling about some issues with (my credit card).

- Can I leave a message?

- I'm busy at the moment. Would you mind calling back?
- Sure, when is a good time to call?

- It's been great talking to you. Have a great day!

## 辛苦了
1. 对帮助你的人说的
- Thank you! I really appreciate it.
- I couldn't have done it without you.
- I don't know what I'd do without you!

2. 和同事、同学说的
- Good job, guys! We did!
- Keep up with the good work!

3. 对父母、师长等表示感恩
- You are the best dad/mom/teacher anyone could ask for!
- I'm so grateful for you!

## 默契
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9NgFXykYL0&feature=push-u&attr_tag=Bk3rbGbxhtwTEyiK-6

- We really get each other. We're totally at the point where we can finish each other's sentences.

- We have a strong bond. 

- We have a bond of understanding between us.

- We have this connection between us. Words can't explain.

## 这里有人 、 厕所有人
- Is somebody in there? Opccupied.

- Anybody? Someone's in here.

## Order Italian food in English
- Can I get a table for two?

- I'll give you some time think it over.

- Calamari fritti 炸鱿鱼

- Mozzarella fritta 炸马苏里拉奶酪

- I'll start with the tomato Caprese.

- Bruschetta 意式蒜香烤面包 

- garlic bread 蒜香烤面包

- cured meat 熏肉

- prosciutto 熏火腿

- Risotto bites 炸意式米饭

- Flatbread 方形披萨饼

- salami 熏香肠

- Spaghetti 意式细面条

- spaghetti and meta 肉丸意面

- Fettuccine 意大利宽面条

- Fettuccine Alfredo 阿尔弗雷多白脱奶油面

- Linguine 意大利扁面条

- shrimp scampi 蒜香奶油鲜虾意大利扁面

- Angel hair pasta 超细意面

- Penne 直通粉

- Bolognese 肉酱

- Rigatoni 肋状通心粉

- Ziti 一种意面

- Lasagna 千层面

- Manicotti 袖筒面

- Ravioli 略有馅的水饺

- Gnocchi 团子

- capers 酸豆

## World Cup Vocabulary and English Conversation
- group stage

- knockout stage

- round of 16

- quarterfinals

- semifinals

- 16 teams are advancing move on to the knockout stage.

- The other 16 teams will be eliminated.

- Who's playing today?

- Who won?

- 2-1 for Germany

- It was a draw.

- penalty kick

- Who are you rooting for?

- Who do you think will win?

- No idea. This year is really unpredictable.

## 舍不得用英语怎么说
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEGXnPRfnnQ

1. 分离时舍不得
We only have a few short weeks left together.
It's been so wonderful meeting you and living with you.

It's going to be very difficult to start the next chapter of our lives.

But I want you to know that I really appreciate all the times we were able to spend together.

I hope we can stay friends wherever we go and keep in touch.

Let's get some beer next week or something. Let's keep in touch.

2. 东西舍不得用
This necklace is very important to me. 
My mom made this for me. It's not just any necklace. 
It's one of kind. 
I don't want anything to happen to it so I'm saving it for special occasions.

## English at a Hotel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZYMnbZEaYw

1. Booking a hotel
I'm calling to see if there's any rooms available for tonight?

I'm wanted to  see if you guys have any rooms available for tonight?

I'm sorry. We're all booked up tonight.

We're full. 

We don't have anymore vacancies.

Garden view - 花园景房

Ocean view - 海景房

double queen beds - 双床房

single king bed - 大床房

I prefer double queen beds with garden view.

Garden view is fine.

2. Check-in
Hi, I have a reservation for tonight. Here's my ID.

I booked a room online for tonight. Here's my ID.

Do you prefer a smoking room or a non-smoking room?

I need two rooms next to each other, please.

I need an extra bed in the room?

Can I have an extra bed in the room?

Can I have your credit card?

So I'll put a $500 deposit on hold in your account. 
We'll charge a $125 service fee by check-out.

What time is check-out?

Is breakfast included?

Please check and make sure all the information on the receipt is correct. If it is, sign on the bottom.

Can you please send someone to help us with our bags?

3. During your stay
Can you please send over some (toothbrushes and toothpastes/mouthwash/sheets/comforter) to my room?

Can you please send housekeeping to our room?

Can I have a wake up call at 7:30 am tommorrow?

I'd like to order some room service.

4. Check out
I'd like to check out.

Ok, you're all set.

## 如何形容食物味道
- Delicious

- Yummy

- Appetizing

- Mouthwatering

- This looks so appetizing.

- My mouth is watering.

- Jiggle

- Soft

- Fluffy

- Gooey 胶黏的

- Creamy 浓稠奶油的

- Clam Chowder 蛤蜊浓汤

- Sour 酸的

- Sweet and sour chicken 

- Citrus 柑橘类的

- Citrusy 

- Lemony

- Crumbly 易碎的

- Crumbly almond cookie

- Crunchy 发嘎吱嘎吱声的

- Crunchy potato chips 催催的薯片

- Crispy on the outside; juicy on the inside. 外焦里嫩

- greasy 

- oily 油腻的

- Slimy 粘滑的

- Slime 水晶泥

- Sea cucumber 海参 

- natto 纳豆

- Salty 很咸的

- Garlicy 吃起来蒜味很重的

- Bitter 很苦的

- Bitter melon 苦瓜

- Chewy 很有嚼劲的

- Spicy 辣